Add documentation for ICorProfilerInfo13 methods and enumeration. (#30131)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/unmanaged-api/profiling/cor-prf-handle-type-enumeration.md

---
description: "Learn more about: COR_PRF_HANDLE_TYPE Enumeration"
title: "COR_PRF_HANDLE_TYPE Enumeration"
ms.date: "03/19/2021"
api_name: 
  - "COR_PRF_HANDLE_TYPE"
api_location: 
  - "coreclr.dll"
  - "corprof.idl"
api_type: 
  - "COM"
---
# COR_PRF_HANDLE_TYPE Enumeration

Describes the type of an object handle.
  
## Syntax  
  
```cpp  
typedef enum
{
    COR_PRF_HANDLE_TYPE_WEAK = 0x1,
    COR_PRF_HANDLE_TYPE_STRONG = 0x2,
    COR_PRF_HANDLE_TYPE_PINNED = 0x3
} COR_PRF_HANDLE_TYPE;
```  
  
## Members  
  
|Member|Description|  
|------------|-----------------|  
|`COR_PRF_HANDLE_TYPE_WEAK`|The handle tracks an object as long as it is alive. It does not act as a root for the garbage collector.|
|`COR_PRF_HANDLE_TYPE_STRONG`|The handle acts as a normal object reference. The object will stay alive and be promoted during the next garbage collection.|

> |`COR_PRF_HANDLE_TYPE_PINNED`|The handle acts as a strong handle with the added property to prevent the object to move in memory during any garbage collection.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`COR_PRF_HANDLE_TYPE_PINNED`|The handle acts as a strong handle with an added property to prevent the object from moving in memory during any garbage collection.|
```

  
## Remarks  

 The `COR_PRF_HANDLE_TYPE` enumeration is used by the [ICorProfilerInfo13::CreateHandle](icorprofilerinfo13-createhandle-method.md) method to indicate the type of handle being created.
  
## Requirements  

**Platforms:** See [.NET Core supported operating systems](../../../core/install/windows.md?pivots=os-windows).

> **Header:** CorProf.idl, CorProf.h

Author: > Can you add empty lines between each requirement (like https://github.com/dotnet/docs/blob/main/docs/framework/unmanaged-api/profiling/icorprofilerinfo2-interface.md)? Otherwise they all end up on the same line.

I will

> **Header:** CorProf.idl, CorProf.h

Author: ✅ done in all files
